[Music]
according to the lore Mewtwo was
basically a science experiment it was an
attempt to take the DNA of Mew and make
a perfect Pokémon but if there's one
thing my school days taught me about SCI
experiments it's that they usually go
wrong the first time which raises the
question what if instead of making the
perfect Pokémon they instead made the
worst Pokémon imaginable a Pokémon that
has zero in every every single base stat
well that's what we're going to attempt
today a Mewtwo theoretically the best
Pokemon in the game and has an amazing
move pool in the best typing in the game
but with zero base in every single stat
just how bad would this Pokemon be how
weak would it be would we even be able
to get through any gems I wanted to find
out so I went ahead and made a quick and
simple rom hack now I've done tons and
tons of Mewtwo challenge runs beating
the game with 20 base power moves
beating the entire game on minimum
battles with zero DVS and no TMS but
this is by far the most ridiculous meww
run that I've ever attempted and I think
it's going to be incredibly informative
so with that let's just dive into this
and see how bad this Pokemon turns out
to be so today we are going to be
running with only this Mewtwo that
Professor Oak catches outside of pallet
town he's going to give it to us
thinking that it's the perfect Pokémon
to beat up on his grandson since he has
no manners but in instead he's actually
giving us the worst Pokémon imaginable
that's right it is time for the legend
of meoo 2 and we will see as we start
this that we're coming in with 16 HP and
we have six attack six defense five
speed and five special now this is
because of the fact that at the
beginning of the game while I have set
this to have zero DVS until we level up
the first time that zero DVS won't
actually be properly integrated but the
first thing that we can see here is that
five is the lowest that a stat can ever
be now coming into the Rival one fight
I'm going to spam psychic our strongest
move we can see the first tackle did
nine damage to us which means two
tackles knocked this Pokemon out so
rather than being completely overpowered
and easily winning the Rival one fight
we instead lose that fight and we lose
it hard so it seems that we need a
better strategy here for the Rival one
fight and fortunately there is at least
theoretically a strategy that can get
through this with reasonable consistency
and that is to try to disable his tackle
so this is not going to be easy because
disable is only 55% accurate and then
only has a 50% chance to disable the
move that we actually wanted to disable
but if we can manage to disable his
tackle we should actually be able to win
this fight so here we have successfully
disabled tackle and that turns this into
a three hit Koo in order to beat rival
one we still don't level up but we did
at least get through one fight so now
I'm going to be going through this run
trying to avoid wild Pokemon encounters
as much as possible but it's actually a
fact that even a level two Pidgey which
never uses any status moves it's only
going to use gust over and over again
can actually beat us pretty darn easily
because of the fact that we have no
defense so instead I will make my way
into vidiian Forest where we can fight
the one required bug catcher at the end
of the forest he's got a level 10
Caterpie let's see what kind of damage
we're taking from this Pokemon so here
in the first attempt he tackles us for
nine damage and psychic did eight damage
to him so it's a two hit k. for him to
knock us out so I think we have to go
for the same strategy trying to disable
tackle in order to get through this one
instead we disabled String Shot which
means we easily get knocked out so this
time we do disable tackle and from there
it is a three hit ko. yet again and we
level up to level six and now that our
zero DVS properly come in after the
level up you'll notice that all of our
stats have dropped to five and we have
16 HP and there's actually a reason for
this you see in Generation 1 and
generation 2 the lowest a stat can ever
be is five it's because the way that
stats are calculated I'll throw up the
calculations on the screen but basically
the stats are always calculated based on
your base value and your DV * 2 plus a
square root of stat experience over 4 *
your level and that's all then divided
by 100 well because we have zero DBS and
we have zero based stats and at the
beginning of the game we've effectively
got zero stat experience that means that
that whole value just comes out to zero
so at the end what they do is for non-hp
stats they add just plus five so five is
the Basic Value that you will always
have however HP they actually add your
level + 10 which means because we're at
level 6 6 + 10 equal 16 HP but this
reveals the first major challenge in
this run the only way that we're going
to be able to gain stats is either by
gaining stat experience or specifically
in the case of HP it will also increment
with our level and because we don't have
much stat experience at the start of the
game we're really not going to have much
of anything in any of our stat St so
this is going to be pretty rough but
let's just see how we do against Brock
on the first attempt at level
[Music]
six so Brock attempt number one the
biggest thing here is that we cannot go
for a strategy where we try to disable
tackle from this Geodude because that
would result in a using struggle instead
which is even stronger so we just have
to go all in on attack however it simply
one shots us with a single tackle that's
the only move that it's ever going to
use so we lose to Brock and that means
that we have to go find a way to gain
enough stats that we're actually going
to be able to survive here obviously
that's going to start with fighting a
ton of other Pokémon so we're going to
start by running through the vidian
forest and just trying to fight
everything in here and we're really
hoping that we get things like String
Shot or otherwise non-damaging moves
fortunately there is one bug catcher in
vidian Forest who has two metapods on
his team and that's probably our best
shot to try to level up so here even if
we lose this fight we'll simply take the
free XP and Stat XP because we've got to
find a way to level up we level up to
level seven here and that gives us 17 HP
but still we can see our stats have
effectively not increased at all because
we don't have enough stat experience yet
now fortunately caterp don't have great
stats themselves so we're dealing with
things like 10 attack versus our five
defense in that case it's not going to
do a ridiculous amount of damage and
psychic should be able to get us through
a lot of these fights even better yet
against the nean trainer in the vidiian
forest we actually have a super
effective move so I think this is going
to be pretty good because psychic is
still effective ly 270 power here
against these neans allowing it to be a
pretty easy two hit k. so after clearing
out all of the trainers in vidian forest
and a couple of blackouts we're up to
level 10 now but still that leaves us
with only 20 HP and still five in all of
our stats so I'm going to come try to
fight my rival rival 1A let's see if we
can even win this fight though so of
course he leads off with his spearo it
goes growl which is kind of perfect for
us but then the Tech nearly one shot us
and took us out in two hits now he can
use non-damaging moves because he knows
growl and he knows Lear so he's
basically two out of three to not use a
damaging move with this Pokemon but it's
still incredibly luck based to get him
not to attack us just so that we can try
to get XP here we finally get through
that spearo only to get into sand attack
hell against this Eevee still we are
getting some special drops here which
means means that confusion will do
enough damage and we even get through
with no damage taken took a couple
attempts but we did manage to beat rival
1A of course that's probably really bad
in the long term because we're going to
end up against the jolon team and
jolteon's going to spam pin missile late
in the game normally pin missile isn't
really that big of a deal for a Mewtwo
because it has decent defense but in
this run in particular we're going to be
dealing with the situation where we
don't have defense and that's going to
be a super super effective move that can
hit up to five times so now there's
really nothing to do we either have to
beat trainers in this gym or we have to
go and fight against wild Pokemon until
we get enough stats to progress and uh
I'm not feeling too confident on either
of those but let's go ahead and try to
fight Liar's boy so here the issue is
that his Pokemon know only damage
dealing moves and scratches 100%
accurate so only a gen one miss would
allow us to ever survive even a turn
against that dig so I'm going to try
Brock again instead since technically he
has a 5% chance to miss with tackle so
here at this level we actually survived
the tackle with 2 Hp remaining but we
can see that we got nowhere near
knocking this Pokemon out we only did
about a quarter damage with our psychic
so clearly neither of these trainers are
going to be possible at this point that
means the only way for us to continue in
this run is to start fighting wild
Pokémon and trying to get stat
experience to raise our level and of
course ideally we want to fight against
metapods since metapods cannot attack
and therefore are just free eats still
with that being said the only stat that
we can raise without stat experience is
our HP everything else is going to
require a ton of battles to gain enough
stat experience to actually be able to
raise the stat even one point so I'm
going to come back to Brock's gym and
I'm just going to see how I do now again
against this Lightyear's Junior trainer
so scratch did twoot me but it did less
than half with the first hit but it's
still just not quite enough to even get
through the Diglett if we can reach a
point where we beat that Diglett
reliably that's going to be higher and
more consistent experience than any of
these wild Pokémon so I'm going to try
to get to level 15 that will be the next
damage rounding threshold based on our
level in battle and that might be what
we need to actually get through this so
now at level 15 we can see that we've
gotten enough stat experience that all
of our stats except special have
increased to seven and of course we have
27 HP now so I'm going to go back into
the gym and I'm going to try to fight
that Diglett once again on the
Lightyear's Junior trainers team at this
level we're just barely doing less than
half damage so we're getting closer
obviously like I said a critical hit
would get us through this one but I'm
pretty sure we basically never crit here
so we're going to have to hope for
something else however what we could get
is a special drop turn one and after a
special drop turn one we would then be
able to knock this Pokemon out on turn
two we're also basically in a perfect
three hit Koo range from that Pokemon
right now so with one more level and
thus one more HP we might be able to
survive here so finally we do level up
to level 16 here so giving ourselves one
more HP let's see if maybe just maybe
that lets us get through this dig it and
in fact we can get through in just two
hits the sandrew will then immediately
knock us out but now we have a really
reliable way of gaining levels assuming
of course we don't get a gen one miss
and in fact we're very close to being
able to knock out Geodude at our current
level so really if we gain just a couple
more levels to get to level 18 I think
we're going to be able to knock out that
Pokemon and gain XP even faster and
testing here at level 17 we actually got
a special drop on the Geodude which
allowed us to knock it out in two hits
Onyx comes out and uses B but in theory
if it just bides long enough at level 17
meup 2 beats Brock it took 36 minutes to
get that done we fought tons of wild
Pokémon but it turns out that that level
17 it is possible to win this fight with
a Mewtwo even if it had base zero in
every single stat so now we can progress
in the game we can fight more trainers
we're still going to be incredibly weak
and the real is is that we're going to
remain pretty darn weak as we go through
this type Effectiveness is going to be
far more important in this run than
normal because when you can use super
effective moves against opponents you're
going to be able to knock them out even
faster so that's probably what we're
going to be doing is using our broad TM
pool to try to get through things here
the first bug catcher fortunately shows
us that because of our advanced level we
are actually able to one or two shot
most of these Pokémon and this is the
effect of gaining tons of levels in the
early game even if your Pokemon has
really really low stats the levels
calculate into the damage and that's
what's going to actually make your
Pokemon do decent damage against
opponents plus psychic is effectively
135 base power here so it's got most of
these Pokemon in a twoh hit range here
it actually takes three hits on that
ratata and Shorty's Atkins is actually
going to survive a hit but it goes for
Lear and that allows us to get through
that fight on the first attempt we're at
the point right now where technically
our attack stat is higher than our
special stat by two points and that's
because most of these early game Pokémon
don't have great special they're
primarily going to be physical attackers
and that means that our stats are also
not going to grow evenly we're going to
have some stats lag behind based on the
stats of our opponents and the kinds of
stat experience they give us so I am
going to just make my way into Mount
Moon and I'm going to pick up the water
gun TM because at least against Rock
ground Pokémon this will give us a
really strong move effectively to use
against them I'm also going to fight
trainers like this bug catcher that I
know have Weedle and Kakuna since
psychic will be super effective and make
these fights much easier to get through
still it can be really difficult to know
what trainers we're good against and
which ones we aren't I am going to pick
up the HP up here and I'm going to use
this item since this entire run is about
stat experience that's what the these
vitamins effectively give us is stat
experience in order to raise our stats
but we can see that at this point we
didn't really get any stat boost off of
using that item just one in our HP for
using an HP up the effect will increase
as we gain more levels but for now it's
really not that much and since we can
see that these trainers are still really
tough I'm just going to fight every
trainer that I can and get as much xp as
I can to hopefully raise my stats ever
so slightly and this is where the other
aspect of serious challenge comes in in
this run is the fact that we're in the
slow LevelUp group if we were in
something like the fast or the medium
slow level up group we would be gaining
tons of levels here but because we're in
the slow level up group it takes an
absolute eternity to gain every single
level so now at level 22 we actually had
our first situation where we could speed
tie an opponent the Geodude on the hiker
in Mount Moon otherwise everything has
outsped us to this point so we finally
beat that guy just because we were in a
speed tie with him I'm going to try the
super nerd since he does have two poison
types on his team maybe just maybe we
can find a way through in fact the
grimer is just a two hit KO with psychic
Voltorb has a 50/50 chance to use tackle
or Screech which means with three
screeches we get to knock that Pokemon
out and then coughing will onshot us
because we've had our defense lowered
three times and here at level 24 we
actually managed to beat the super nerd
wasn't consistent but we're up to having
11 attack 10 defense nine special and 11
speed and we're all the way up to having
40 HP at this point so there's only one
fight left that's available against a
trainer that is to fight Jesse and James
we have beaten everything else up to
this point I'm not sure how we're going
to do here they do have two poison types
but that meow with bite probably one
shots us let's just see so here the ekin
uses poison sting and poison us but we
can see this is clearly a two- hit ko.
if it doesn't land wrap on us and just
take us down like that still we do
manage to knock out the first Pokémon
and then bite destroys us from the
Meowth Meowth can use growl which is
basically the only thing that it could
do that wouldn't be bad for us because
scratch and bite with the same type
attack bonus are going to be way too
strong so at this point it simply takes
so long to go all the way through Mount
moon to get to Jesse and James that I
think our best bet is actually to fight
against wild Pokémon and just gain extra
levels and Stat experience this way it's
far more efficient than going and
hunting down that battle even though we
can get through ekin most of the time
assuming it doesn't just wrap us down
still this is going to be a more
consistent leveling strategy now at
level 26 we've reached a point where
psychic can one-hot this ekin and
against the Meowth if it doesn't go for
bite we can see that psychic does about
half damage here so if we can just get
it to use growl on us once we should
actually be able to progress to the
final coughing meow should just be
randomizing between its three moves so
we have approximately a one and three
chance of it using growl against us so
we finally get a growl and get through
that Meowth we're to the final coughing
where psychic is not a one hitter but we
survive two tackles from the coughing
that allows us to get to level 27 as we
beat Jess and James so now we can
technically progress I'm not sure how
good we're going to do over here now
that we move on to Cerulean City though
so I'm just going to pick up items so
that I can sell them for money later
because we're doing so much blackout
grinding that we're not going to have
any money left over outside of being
able to sell these items later on and
here I'm pretty sure we're going to take
too much damage from anything on Rival
2's team to progress but I'm still going
to try it cuz if we can get through him
the Nugget Bridge trainers will be
easier XP to move forward so the first
thing to not is that a critical hit peek
nearly one shot us and the second thing
to note is that this Spearow is going to
be a three hit K.O without a special
drop a special drop would put it into a
two hit KO range if we can get that on
turn one that's about a 10% chance now
this Pokemon does have a 50% chance to
not use a damaging move against us so it
is technically possible to get through
just like this onto the sandrew we're
kind of hoping to get sand attacked at
least so that we can knock this one out
and then the ratata is almost guaranteed
to hit us with a damaging move and knock
us out right there still we did get some
XP but that makes me think we need to go
test out Misty's gym instead there are
two trainers in here starting with this
one that has a goldine this is the
required trainer and obviously its Peck
is going to be much weaker than rival
2's spearo and we even managed to beat
it on the first attempt however I don't
think we're beating Misty at our current
level I'll still give her a shot but
probably we're going to have to fight
the trainer in her gym if we're going to
have any chance here
[Music]
so Misty attempt number one her staru
did about 12 damage with a tackle and
this is looking like a three hit ko.
maybe a four hit ko. with psychic she
goes X defend which is good and we are
going to manage to knock out the first
Staryu at least of course star me is
going to resist everything so the only
way I think we get through this is with
special drops and she just simply knocks
us out so I'm going to try the other
trainer in her gym first let's just see
how this goes since hor is using bubble
which isn't as strong maybe we can get
through this and then shelder is going
to use withdraw and Tackle so if it just
withdraws we can actually easily win
that fight on the first attempt so mti's
clearly not consistent so I'm going to
go and just grind against rival to
instead because as long as we can get
through his first couple Pokémon we're
at least going to get more XP going this
route but at this point neither fight is
really that consistent so I think it's
time to just go back to grinding wild
Pokemon to gain stat experience and
levels and of course grinding out level
UPS in this section of the game is
terrible because wild Pokemon give very
little experience and trying to beat
anything that's stronger than a wild
Pokemon is really hard because we just
don't deal enough damage so finally at
level 33 we get back to the Eevee it's
sand attacking us so I'm going to go for
swift here and we finally knock it out
that took an hour and a half to get
through rival number two and we're still
nowhere closer to getting through Misty
I tried her a couple times we were still
a three hit KO range on the first Staryu
and when it uses a move like water gun
we just get destroyed so I'm going to go
north I'm going to fight all of these
trainers on the way up to Bill's house
because they're much easier experience
and at this point for the first time
we're kind of getting to the point where
we can actually survive enemy attacks
and knock them out quickly enough to
gain levels and not just black out all
the time still we have to go back to the
Pokémon Center a lot to recover HP
because we don't have any defense
honestly there are a lot of Pokemon that
even at level five have our stats spread
so we simply have to hope that our high
HP due to our high level is enough to
get through things and as we get to the
odish last all of our Pokémon are one
hit Kos and we can move on to Billy
boy's house where of course we're going
to show him the Abomination that is our
zero base stats Mewtwo he's going to run
into the closet we're going to have to
teleport him back to say hey dude this
is the coolest run that has ever been
done clearly mupoo is the one actually
he's number two but you
know so with that whole section done we
beat all the trainers up north we are
going to fight the innocent bystander
and then start making our way down to
verm ion City but unfortunately the
indent bystander is really hard so we
actually had to black out there and I'm
going to have to learn a new move I'm
going to learn seismic toss with my
Mewtwo and I'm going to learn this move
over water gun because while water gun
is useful against Rock ground type
Pokemon we're going to get bubble beam
soon enough anyway before we really have
to deal with any more rock ground types
and seismic toss is actually really
useful because as we're getting to a
higher and higher level this move will
always do damage equal to our current
level so at this point we would be doing
a very decent 34 damage to enemy psychic
types and that turns this drowsy from
being a really tough opponent to
theoretically not being unless it of
course disables the move and at that
point we've got nothing better than
Swift we get put to sleep it takes us to
pound town but we did manage to get
through so that was kind of Lucky but I
think this is going to be our best move
to actually get through misti's star me
with this Pokémon in fact I want to see
what the ranges would be so let's just
try Misty one more time before we move
on so first things first against this
Staryu this move will be a two hit KO
guaranteed out comes the star me and
this will also be a two hit KO with
seismic toss as long as it doesn't knock
us out so we actually managed to beat
Misty thanks to seismic toss in an hour
43 minutes we we have taken a massive
number of optional battles and keep in
mind that doesn't include the wild
Pokemon that I fought and we have taken
a massive number of resets but we have
managed to progress through two gyms
with the absolute weakest possible
Pokemon granted using psychic and
seismic toss now basically anything that
could get seismic toss doesn't actually
care about its stats that much so it is
a pretty effective way to bypass the
fact that we have other wise really low
stats still I'm going to fight tons and
tons of trainers on the ssand as well
and I'm going to get all of the TMS
because I do think that that's our best
strategy to move forward so it's taken
quite a bit of time now over 2 hours of
real time but we've finally made it to
rival number three we're coming into
this fight at level 40 we just have to
see if we can manage to get through cuz
we can see all of our stats are hovering
around 20 right now except we've got
really high HP at 65 but at this point
basically every Pokemon is going to be
like a one or two hit K.O with seismic
toss so we may as well just Spam this
move and just like that we easily get
through rival number three on the first
attempt just because none of his Pokemon
have enough HP to survive against our
seismic tosses so with that we have
completely cleared out the SSN but
there's so there's nothing left to do
but either go through the Rock Tunnel or
try to take on Lieutenant surge I'm
going to try to take Lieutenant surge
cuz his badge boost and defense could
actually be really important here now
there are three trainers available in
this gym I'm just going to take them all
on while I can because obviously we're
going to lose all this XP if we don't
take these fights so just like that we
make it to Lieutenant surge at level 41
I'm really not sure how we're going to
do here though because I expect his Mega
Punch Mega kick Thunderbolt to do a lot
of damage against us let's see if we can
win or not
[Music]
so we can see that his Raichu has 76 HP
so seismic toss will be a two hit KO
here however he Critical Hits us with a
mega kick so we lose the first attempt
what we really need is like an xeed and
growl something like that he can also
miss with his Mega Punch and mega kick
and those are really our only ways
through this I think cuz we can see Mega
kick one- shots us even without a crit
from full health this time he goes X
speed and growl though so we get through
with no damage and in 2 hours and 11
minutes we've managed to get three gemm
badges so it is possible to progress
even when you have a Pokemon with no
stats you just have to get the Right
Moves and a move like seismic toss or
Nightshade is actually incredibly op
when you have lower stats that's one of
the reasons why a lot of times when I do
my minimum battles runs I tend to keep
moves like Nightshade on my move set
rather than upgrading to other attacking
moves is because with lower stats a move
like night shade actually will do more
damage in a lot of situations so
fortunately it only took a couple
attempts to get through that but we're
all the way up to like 195 optional
trainer battles and when I take wild
Pokemon battles it just completely
breaks my overlay you can see it's
showing like minus 110 required battles
and we've got 24 resets so far so
there's a lot going on here I'd say that
we're easily over 300 battles so far in
this run but we are moving on so uh
let's go to the Rock Tunnel and make our
way to seladon city where we can start
to get a lot more strong TMS and a lot
more type coverage that's going to help
us as we move forward now I'm not going
to take any more battles than I need but
this is a section where TM 11 for bubble
beam actually makes a lot of sense
because there are tons and tons of rock
ground types and this move might enable
us to get through so at this point this
run is becoming a lot more tedious than
hard it's just the fact that we
sometimes can lose if we get bad ranges
but we're coming in with such good moves
now that everything is basically a two
hit ko. at worst so now at the Rock
Tunnel hiker we should even outspeed all
of these Pokémon and bubble beam being
four times super effective Ive basically
guarantees one hitters unless we miss
the last one due to a gen one miss so
back for round two on this one we are
going to outspeed and this time we don't
get a gen one miss so we win on the
second attempt so finally at level 45
we've made it to Lavender Town and now
we're getting very close to sadon city
where I think we can get ice beam it's
probably one of our better plays to get
here and we'll just have to see how we
do outside of that we could go ahead and
take on Erica we could go try to take on
Rival number four plenty of options at
this point but nothing is like a
guaranteed Victory where we know we're
going to win 100% of the time any
trainer technically could just knock us
out here because they're starting to
have higher and higher stats and our
stats haven't gone up that much but here
I'm just going to try rival four one
time let's just see what this fight
actually looks like so we get clamped
down by the shelder but I think I think
there's a pretty clear solution to this
I did not learn the move Thunderbolt yet
and Thunderbolt could be one of our
strongest moves especially against this
team so I'm simply going to add this
move over confusion for now and let's
see what that does for our ranges so
back with Thunderbolt it's obviously
super effective against the FOH it's
going to be super effective here against
shelder as well so we easily knock that
out Vulpix we can go to the bubble beam
we're going to stick with the same move
here on on the sandrew and get a one
hitter and now I'm just going to seismic
toss against Eevee but it knocks me out
with a quick attack so we'll just faint
everything else so that we can black out
and for now we're just going to skip
that one and move on to seladon City and
now I'm simply going to make my way into
the Rocket game corner I think this is
the best way to progress for now because
I think the Rockets are actually going
to be some of the easier fights in this
section now one of the issues that we
have is that we've fought so many
battles and gotten so much step XP so
far that items like an HP up can no
longer be used because we have too much
stat experience basically you can only
use those items up to a certain point
and beyond that you won't actually be
allowed to use them anymore now the
limit is less than halfway to maxing out
your stattic spe so basically we're
reaching the point where we can't even
boost our stats anymore by adding on
vitamins so I'm going to go into Erica's
gym instead because we were actually
getting knocked out by some of those
Rockets but if we can manage to outspeed
any of these trainers we should be able
to deal decent damage with psychic here
but even that's not terribly consistent
so I'm going to go and find other
battles to take for example here against
the fighting Dojo the big difference is
we actually resist fighting type moves
so in theory at least we should be able
to get through this a little bit easier
though these Pokemon are not one hit Kos
at our current level so at long last it
is time to take on the dojo Master
himself and this fight normally would be
a cakewalk for a Mewtwo of course
because we would be using psychic but
rolling kick nearly one shot us we do
manage to knock out a hitmon Lee though
only for Comet punch to end us from the
hitmon Chan still I'm going to take a
few attempts at this since at least we
have a super effective move here and
this time we get a gen one miss from
Psychic finally we get through hitmon
Lee on full health this time though Fire
Punch from Hitmonchan doesn't do that
much and we knock it out in two hits
finally we are able to defeat the dojo
master I'm going to take his hitmon Ley
as a prize just because I can and let's
run on out of here speaking of hitmon Le
I expect to have a hitmon Lee run up
very soon that I think you guys are
going to really enjoy so keep your eyes
posted for that one but with that done
I'm going to get back into the rocket
Hideout and I'm just going to try to
finally beat some of these trainers the
whole issue is that a trainer like this
with two ricat does so much damage to
our Mewtwo that we simply get knocked
out very easily if we get a single hyper
Fang this fight is over but after
several attempts we finally managed to
beat that guy still this is not looking
very good like I never thought I would
ever have a solo challenge where in the
middle game I was losing to Rocket
members on a consistent basis just due
to the fact that they have eradicate
finally after copious amounts of
grinding we can actually make our way to
the basement of the Rocket game corner
to take on Jesse and James let's see how
it goes at our current level 49 so
attempt number one here we're of course
going to go psychic on the coughing
we're actually faster than this Pokemon
and it is a one hit ko. out next comes
the meow and I think no matter what we
do this is going to be a two-hitter so
I'm going to go seismic toss here we get
the easy Victory cuz it only used growl
and now we get Lear from ekin allowing
us to One-Shot it with psychic so just
like that we get through Jesse and James
on the first attempt with no issues and
now it's time to take on giovon this
fight is the entire reason why I haven't
gotten rid of bubble beam yet in Li of
adding Ice Beam because bubble beam will
be four times super effective against
two of his Pokémon let's just see how
this goes though starting off with the
Onyx we're going to Bubble beam this
Pokemon after a guard specs we get a one
hit ko. we're faster than ryhorn and
take it out in one hit as well and then
here against this Persian I think the
play is to go for seismic toss we got
flinched by bite turn one but then it
screeches and growls that's all we need
needed to be able to get through that
one easy Victory so as tedious as it has
been up to this point we have in fact
managed to get Mewtwo through all of the
rocket Hideout and we're finally
reaching the point where some of these
slower Pokemon on the rocket teams can
be outsped by us and psychic is becoming
strong enough to One-Shot opponent so
we're making some slow but steady
Improvement I'm going to go back into
Erica's gym and see if we can find a way
to beat her and after finally beating
all the trainers in Erica's gym we are
now at level 50 coming into the Erica
fight let's see if this is even possible
at our current level with our
[Music]
Mewtwo so first things first she's going
to send out her tangla and this
Pokemon's just going to be a two hit K.O
with seismic toss as long as we can hit
so we kind of want constrict here to
give us the chance we got to miss though
so we're going to have to reset and try
this one again round two we do manage to
at least get through Tanga only for acid
to take us down to one HP from the
Weeping Bell and we go down so
unfortunately we're just too slow to be
able to get through that fight and we
take way too much damage so instead I'm
going to route back to Lavender let's go
fight against our rival instead so I
think this is the correct time to learn
to move Ice Beam because with Ice Beam
over bubble beam we have a 10% chance to
freeze most opponents as we go through
the run and that might be the difference
between a fight that is completely
impossible and one that becomes possible
just thanks to a lucky freeze and while
normally you might say Hey you shouldn't
be going for such luck based strategies
in the case of this Pokemon with zero
base total in every single stat we have
no chance to Crate opponents and all of
our stats other than attack are
currently under 30 even at level 51 so I
think we're going to need some luck to
get through some fights here so I'm just
going to finish grinding out the
available trainers before I go in and
try to fight our Rivals since I expect
him to be reasonably tough fortunately
at this point we have so many super
effective moves against a lot of
opponents that we can actually manage to
progress through these fights pretty
easily at this point I think we're going
to hit a wall pretty soon though and
have to do more massive level grinding
but first let's take on Rival number
four and just see he goes so back again
to this fight I'm going to Ice Beam on
this FOH we don't get the freeze and
then he freezes
us oh so that is clearly a reset right
there the next attempt we do knock out
FOH though we can Thunderbolt on shelder
which we do outspeed at this point we
don't really have anything good for
Vulpix and we're one HP off of being
able to One-Shot it with our seismic
toss so I'm going to go psychic instead
and then we'll finish it off after that
out comes the sandrew we will Ice Beam
this Pokémon it's an easy one hitter we
get to level 52 and now we just needed
to knock out Eevee and we didn't knock
out
Eevee so this fight remains pretty tough
because of quick attack on that Eevee we
can always get knocked out if we're on
fairly low Health but this time we
actually managed to freeze the sparo
only to get burned by the Vulpix
fortunately we're not using any physical
moves at this point so this isn't really
that big of a deal but we can see we're
taking pretty decent damage from from
that quick attack fortunately Eevee goes
for sand attack next allowing us to get
through that fight but that took
multiple attempts just to get through
rival number four which means rival five
when he actually has evolved Pokemon is
going to be tough that's still in the
future though for now I'm going to get
in here and I'm going to start fighting
against these Chandlers because against
these Gast Lees we have a super
effective move in psychic and against
some of them we can even use seismic
toss to just One-Shot them gen one being
gen one seismic toss can hit ghosts but
really what we're doing here is grinding
these Pokemon out to get more static
experience in special because we need
our special stat as high as possible in
order to get through a lot of upcoming
fights and as we can see our special
stat naturally lags behind our other
stats just because of the fact that most
of the Pokemon that we' fought up to
this point don't have good special and
with all of the channelers taken down we
can finally fight against ghosty mama
where I think Ice Beam is the play we
get an easy two hit ko. right there to
get through the Marowak and with that
we've almost completed this whole
section of the game we just have to take
on Jesse and James at the top of the
tower let's see how they actually go
though given that they have fully
evolved Pokemon and Meowth has been
tough this entire time so Meowth goes
down easily we get paralyzed by the
arbach but then we One-Shot it with our
psychic wheezing is a two-hitter but it
goes smog twice in a row and that gives
us the victory against Jesse and James
on the first attempt this is
nerve-wracking every single fight we
have no idea if we're going to be able
to get through or not and our opponents
sure that wheezing used smog twice but
if it had gone for sludge we would have
been dead so there's no guaranteed wins
still at this point in the game even
when we're over level 50 in the middle
game so we have to decide how to
progress I'm going to go into silco I'm
going to start fighting against the
these trainers because I think this is
our best shot the fact that we have a
super effective same type move in
psychic against a lot of these poison
types that are in this section is I
think our best chance to progress
quickly and gain levels so normally I
would be very adamant against
unnecessary level grinding but in this
case the level grind is completely
necessary we have no way to progress in
the game without gaining massive numbers
of levels and getting lots of stat
experience in this section of the game
because when the Rando trainers here in
silco are beating you consistently
there's definitely no way we're
progressing through rival 5 or any of
the gym leaders and finally after an
insane number of blackouts and battles
we have managed to beat all of the Rand
trainers inside of silco which means the
only way we could progress here would be
to take on Rival number five I'm going
to try him one time but I highly doubt
that we have any shot of actually
winning this fight still I could be
surprised let's see if meup 2 can manage
to get through this one so here attempt
number one against rival 5 I'm going to
go Ice Beam on the sand slash it is a
two hit KO out next is the Ninetails we
don't really have anything good for this
Pokemon so I'm just going to seismic
toss twice and we easily get knocked out
by an ember so clearly that fight's not
happening let's progress in the game
instead and see if we can manage to you
know maybe get down to fuchsia City and
do something down there there are tons
of Overworld trainers of course that are
are still available so we can grind more
battles gain more levels and get more of
that sweet sweet stat experience and
this is one of the rare runs where I
will actually try to knock out the
Snorlax just because of the fact that it
could give me some extra XP and it's
actually slower than us so if it uses
rest I think we have a guaranteed win
and while it's not a ton of XP it does
give good stat experience cuz that
Pokémon has really good stats
unfortunately the cycling Road isn't
that bad because we outspeed a lot of of
the unevolved Pokémon and even against
the evolved Pokemon most of them are
weak against psychic which means that we
can simply spam our same type move and
easily get through a lot of these fights
and with cycling Road cleared out we can
finally make our way to fuchsia City I'm
going to try the trainers in the gym one
time just to see how they go I don't
expect that we'll be able to beat Koga
just yet because he's going to
definitely use toxic on us and we're not
going to do that much damage but let's
just see maybe maybe we get lucky first
things first though we got to get
through all these psychic types where I
think seismic toss is our best play
we're basically going to be two shotting
Pokémon here so we did defeat the two
required jugglers just barely but I'm
going to still take on the rest of these
trainers because they're lost after we
beat Koga anyway so we may as well just
get the experience while it's available
and we can see at this point we finally
do have a score that is below zero on my
scoring system normally that would be my
indication to just stop a run but I'm
really interested to see how this one
goes all the way to the end and and
particularly are we even going to be
able to beat the game with this Pokémon
given that it has the worst stats so I
figure what the heck we've beaten
everything else in the gym let's try
Koga for the first time and see if we
can beat the ninja gym
[Music]
leader so Koga attempt number one we're
going to go Psy Psy on this first venat
cuz it has too much HP to just go
seismic toss twice maybe psychic one
shots it does not so these venats are
going to be two hit Kos no matter what
we do and while psychic and cbeam aren't
going to do a lot of damage to us we
simply are going to go down too quickly
to toxic so I just took down the two
first two venets but we could not
progress past the third so clearly we
need more levels let's go grind them out
and finally at level 63 we've reached a
point where we can learn the move
barrier now the reason I might want to
learn this move is because number one it
allows us to boost our defense but it
also is a badge boost glitch move and I
think we might actually need that to
continue progressing for now I'm going
to forget the move psychic we can
relearn this move via TM later on and I
honestly think that against all these
Rando trainers that we're going to be
fighting in the Overworld for now ice
beam and Thunderbolt are actually the
better play especially because Ice Beam
has the potential to freeze opponents
that might be our best way to progress
in this challenge when we get to Agatha
in the late game though psychic
definitely will be the play but until
then I'm just going to go without that
move for a little while at least and as
we take down the guy hiding with his
magikarps behind the bush we have
officially defeated all of the available
traitors on the Overworld at this point
so the only thing that's left to do is
either to beat Erica beat Koga or beat
rival 5 if we can't beat any of of them
then we're going to have to start
grinding wild Pokémon so I'm going to go
back and try Erica first since
theoretically she's the easiest of
course we don't have psychic on our move
set anymore but Ice Beam should be
enough here to get us through let's just
see if we can actually survive though so
Erica attempt number two here I'm
actually going to set a barrier in order
to be more survivable against acid as
well as to make it so that this tangle
up using moves like bind don't do as
much damage to us still ice is a two-
hit ko. there out comes the Weeping Bell
we survive against acid but this one
again is going to be a two-hitter to
knock out Gloom comes out and puts us to
sleep and then starts dropping acid
typical behavior for Erica and we lose
on that Pokemon still that was a pretty
big improvement from our previous runs
against Erica so I'm going to just go
back and try this again and try to grind
this fight out this time we freeze the
weaping Bell so we get through just nice
and easy there and we get a two hitter
on the Gloom so we beat her on the very
next attempt 4 hours and 22 minutes to
beat four gyms and we have taken 420
optional battles very nice but we can
see that this run is getting worse the
further we get in it has taken 2 hours
and 11 minutes since we beat Lieutenant
Serge to beat the next gym oh this is
brutal now what I'm going to do is
actually intentionally keep on the
paralysis that I just got in that battle
so I'm just going to heal up with an
item the idea here is that when I go
down to fight Koga I'm going to stop him
from using toxic On Me by already having
a status and since his other attacking
moves are basically psychic type moves I
think we're going to be able to get
through at this point but let's see if
it actually works out obviously beating
Koga will help us a lot because we'll
then be able to use surf outside of
battle which will open up a lot of
optional battles for us to take to
continue to build up our power with this
Pokemon so I'm just going to drop a
quick hyper potion save the game and
let's try Koga round number two so first
things first against Kaa I'm actually
going to set a barrier here in order to
reduce the damage I take from physical
attacks cuz when we get to the final
venomoth it's going to want to use leech
life against us over and over and over
again and now we're just hoping for good
paralysis luck we managed to knock out
the first venonat second venat also goes
down we're getting on very low Health
though and double edge from the third
venonat knocks us out but let's try this
again maybe we can just get a better
range here and after a few attempts I
think there is a strategy to get through
this but the best way to do it is
actually to try to freeze the first
venat once this Pokemon is frozen it
can't do anything against us which
allows us to set up all of our barriers
for free now we can go back into our
seismic toss here knowing that all of
these venats are two hit Kos and we're
just hoping not to take any Critical
Hits here so with that we get our first
shot at the venomoth where this Pokémon
looks to be a three hit KO with our move
seismic toss so I'm going to go for Ice
Beam here again hoping to get the freeze
because if we can freeze this Pokemon
then we have a guaranteed win we don't
get it so we go down on that first
attempt against the venomoth but after
grinding this out for a small eternity
it just doesn't seem to work so I think
the only thing to do is to go grind more
levels I will try rival number five one
time just to see if maybe he's possible
but otherwise we're just going to have
to start fighting against wild Pokémon
and getting more of that sweet sweet
stat experience so here against rival
number five I'm going to once again set
up the barriers here on this first sand
slash of course slash will simply bypass
all of our setup so this might be
another Pokemon where we want to at
least try to freeze it either way though
seismic toss is a two hit ko. there so
we easily get through next on the
Ninetails we're once again going to go
seismic toss strats here it's just doing
a lot of damage against us with Ember
against Cloister we can use Thunderbolt
this will be a two-hitter but Aurora
beam knocks us out we'd really like to
get to Blain where we could get a badge
boost in special if we could somehow
beat him but unfortunately we're just
not going to be able to progress through
Koga at this point we do manage to
freeze sand slash here after we get
slashed but we still probably aren't
getting through just due to the fact
that we took so much damage so it just
doesn't seem like we're getting through
that so there's nothing to do but go and
grind some wild Pokémon now there are
obviously a lot of places where we could
grind but I'm actually going to come
back to Lavender and grind the Pokémon
Tower so that we can get more stat
experience in special against these
ghosts add on the fact that there's a
free healing spot here in this section I
think this is the best place and
reaching level seven I've actually
decided to add the move recover over
thundershock I think this is going to be
incredibly important there's not a lot
of Pokémon that we want an electric move
against in the middle game side of
basically the rivals Cloister but even
then I think seismic toss is going to do
enough damage to get us through that
Pokémon and for everything else we can
go for Ice Beam strats to try to freeze
I think this is going to be the best way
to get through these next couple major
opponents so with that let's just
backtrack out of here and make our way
back to rival number five where I think
we might have a strategy here with
recover strats so let's just see if this
is enough to finally progress in the
game so first things first I going to
set up my three barriers on this first
sand slash he does manage to lower my
accuracy with some sand attacks which is
not ideal but we should be able to start
healing up here of course assuming we
can actually get the heal off so really
the best strategy is probably to try to
freeze sand slash here to start our
setup we get the freeze on this attempt
I'm going to set up all the barriers
Here and Now recover so that we're on
full health going to the next Pokémon
this time with no accuracy drop DRS we
can just seismic toss a couple times on
Ninetails it goes for Roar that's
perfectly fine cloy we're going to go
for the same thing seismic toss it's
going to be an easy to hit K.O out comes
the Kadabra next where we can simply
seismic toss twice to knock this Pokemon
out even after it recovers and then we
have the jolon this Pokemon's only going
to use pin missile which is why we
wanted the barriers here in order to
make sure that we're nice and survivable
and then this Pokemon is a two hit KO
easy Victory to get through rival number
five once we have access to recover
recover is honestly probably our most OP
move and once we add on Amnesia with
this set we're basically going to be
running Amnesia barrier recover and one
attacking move for the rest of the run I
think so here we'll take on Jesse and
James where I'm going to kind of repeat
the same strategy we're going to barrier
we're going to heal and basically by
using barrier we're going to make it so
that their attacks can't do that much
damage outside of critical hits and
while the poison does kind of suck we'll
be able to to get through this one
eventually after all of our setup of
course the wheezing is just a two hit
ko. with seismic toss it's going to be
more of the same action here on this
Arbok and finally Meowth is going to be
a one hit KO with seismic toss and we
easily get through that fight and now
I'm not really scared of Giovani barrier
plus recover should be more than enough
to get through this so we'll start off
by setting up the three barriers on Nino
because it doesn't really have any
Strong attacking moves against us we can
see that his Fury attack is only doing
two damage per hit and we're already
poisoned so we don't really care about
poison sting and from there this Pokemon
is a two hit K.O out next the Persian
should be another two hit KO Pokémon on
the rehorn we can go ice beam and easily
get through that one and I'll just stick
with the Ice Beam on the needle Queen
this only knows physical moves we freeze
it so we have guaranteed the win against
Giovani and now we're progressing much
more smoothly in spite of the fact that
we don't have stats in spite of the fact
that I don't have a healing item I think
we're going to get through this section
pretty darn easily and now I reckon I'm
simply going to go and fight against
Sabrina's gem because yet again we can
just get more of that good stat
experience but honestly I don't know
maybe we're better off just trying to
progress with our current move set
without gaining too many additional
levels I'm going to just try to go and
fight Koga again so obviously the big
difference here is that we can actually
heal in battle by using the move recover
so we should be able to set up all of
our barriers against the first venonat
and as long as we don't get hit with
toxic I think we're good to go so I
think our best bet is still to try to
freeze the first venat and then try to
get our setup from there so this time we
do get the freeze I'm going to set up
all the barriers right here recover my
HP just so that I'm at Max health and
then go into the seismic toss to knock
that one out the second venonat goes
sbeam and then he goes X attack so we
get to knock that one out nice and easy
here the third venette went for sleep
powder and double edge we managed to
knock it out and we've made it to the
final venomoth that is going for leech
life and it gets a critical hit against
us causing us to lose that attempt
without the critical hit we definitely
would have won there so I think I'm just
going to grind this one out until I
manage to win against Koga so this time
the third venette does use toxic on us
but we've gotten all of our setup off so
we just need the luck on this final
venomoth this time he doesn't crit so we
win and took 5 hours and 4 minutes of
real time in order to beat Koga we're up
to
417 optional battles clearly some of our
resetting slighting wild Pokemon
affected our numbers a little bit there
cuz we were at 420 before trust me we
have taken an awful lot of battles we're
up to 84 resets and probably about 400
wild Pokemon at this point if that's how
I'm understanding my required battles
being negative correctly in my overlay
and yeah this is completely broken but
we did manage to get through Koga and
that does mean that we can progress to
go and fight against Blaine and try to
get a badge boost in special now the
most important factor here is that we do
have a badge boost in speed now with
only three badge boosts though I don't
think we're going to be able to outspeed
opponents we would need more badge
boosts in order to do that still it does
give us some way that we could
potentially progress through a tough
fight but this might be a little bit too
little too late in this one honestly now
of course if we got the move tomb Stoner
it would be an easy one hit KO on all
these Pokémon but let's see if we can
actually beat Blaine without gaining any
additional levels with our
[Music]
Mewtwo so Blain attempt number one I am
going to start off by setting barrier
here basically hoping to take less
damage from the moves of this Ninetails
but we get knocked out by a flamethrower
let's try this one again now it is
important to remember that you can in
fact freeze fire types so we could
simply sit here and spam the move Ice
Beam until we get a freeze on this first
Pokemon that being said flamethrower
seems to be doing too much damage so I
think the best strategy is simply to
take on these gym trainers try to gain a
few more levels and see if we can beat
him then because when flamethrower from
a Vulpix is doing about half damage to
us it's pretty clear we're not going to
get through that nine Tales or that
Arcanine so beating all the trainers in
the gym did get us one additional level
to level 72 we can see that our special
stat increased ever so slightly let's
just try this one again at this level so
the first thing to note is that this
Ninetales is just a two-hit ko. with
seismic toss so I'm actually going to go
for that here because the next rapid
Dash doesn't actually have any Str
strong special moves however if it uses
taked down we're just going to get
knocked out so what we really want to
see are moves like tail whip and growl
from our opponents here against the
rapid Dash I am going to try to set a
barrier and recover here since fire spin
shouldn't do that much here with all the
barriers set up I think we now have the
setup that we need to get through this
Pokémon pretty easily and it's given us
so many badge Boo from growl that we
actually outsped there and we're faster
than the Arcanine now this Pokémon is
going to be a three hit KO with seismic
toss no matter what we do flamethrower
did massive damage but then he reflects
and just like that at level 72 blay boy
lets us win so we are up to 426 optional
battles now 90 resets really not doing
great but we did manage to beat another
gym and it only took us about 11 minutes
that's not too bad considering how we've
done so far in this challenge recover
and barrier are absolutely becoming huge
parts of this run though and even then
it was like barely a victory with only 3
HP left so we can't get too confident
too quick I'm going to go ahead and just
take on everything in Sabrina's gem so
we don't lose out on those trainers just
in case we need that XP and after
successfully defeating all of the
traders in this jib it's time for our
first attempt against Sabrina and this
one could be really really rough
so first attempt against Sabrina here we
can see that this is going to be a two
hit KO on the first Abra with seismic
toss and of course that means Sabrina
gets the chance to flash us which is not
really ideal but we do level up to 73
right there the next Kadabra is just
going to be another two-hitter and it
gets a critical hit psychic to one shot
us so we're just going to have to try to
get better luck here and I think one of
the ways to do that of course is to
start off by trying to freeze this Abra
but even without the freeze we can just
start setting up barrier so that we'll
have higher special and then knock this
Pokemon out so we've got really low
accuracy but she shouldn't do nearly as
much damage against us except of course
with the move swave which doesn't really
depend on our defense so she knocks us
out with a swave here this time she
doesn't manage to flash us though so we
get a level up right there now I'm going
to set up a barrier right here just to
have slightly higher special she does
use one Kinesis but we do manage to get
through that Pokémon and now I'm going
to finish my barrier setup Here and Now
go for recover just to get some HP back
and then let's see the range on this
Alakazam it's a two-hitter to knock it
out with seismic toss and just like that
in 5 hours 23 minutes and 5 Seconds we
have managed to beat Sabrina so it's
looking absolutely ter terrible of
course but we are making progress and of
course with Sabrina done the only thing
to do is to go and try to take on giovon
in vidiian gym we have Ice Beam on the
move set so we should have a super
effective move against most of his team
I think having the barriers set up will
also help us quite a bit here but let's
see how it actually goes in practice so
I'm going to intentionally hold off on
learning any other TMS at this point
because I'm basically saving psychic for
before we get to Bruto and Agatha and
then blizzard to use on Lance now the
other question is how will we do against
rival number six who's coming up right
after Giovani so I'm actually going to
save before the Giovani fight if I
manage to beat him I'm going to try
rival 6 after that if rival 6 looks
impossible I may come back and reset to
refight these trainers in this gym but
first things first we have to try the
legendary trainer himself Giovani let's
see if he just guards PEX few
[Music]
times so first attempt against Giovani
we are going to lead off with the
barriers trying to just get our defense
as high as possible of course he can
fissure us and just knock us out in one
hit but we're just trying to get away
without that kind of luck this time he
uses dig instead and fortunately our
barriers are going to help quite a bit
there and we knocked the Doug Trio out
I'm going to take this opportunity to
heal against the Persian sure it used
Screech but we can just bury her again
here and then go into seismic toss this
appears to be a two hit ko. needle
Queen's out next I'm going to bury her
again so that I have my defense back it
tail whips so I even get to get another
badge boost we one shot that Pokemon
we're going to one shot needle King with
an ice beam and now on the Ryon it's a
one hit Koo so really Giovani wasn't
that bad 5 hours 25 minutes 56 seconds
to get through that gym but compared to
where we were just now against Blaine
and Sabrina I mean we're making really
good progress since we've gotten access
to the move recover and of course
barrier but now it's time to see if this
is enough to get through our rival where
we're going to stick with our move set
as it is for now and then think about
upgrading our moves when we get to lorai
and the Elite 4 so let's just try this
one time against our rival so first
things first he's going to lead off with
sand slash I'm going to go straight for
the barriers here he gets a critical hit
slash turn one and basically destroys us
so it's pretty clear that at least this
isn't going to be super consistent seems
like a good chance to go and fight more
trainers to get extra XP so at 5 hours
and 30 minutes we once again beat
Giovani so we can move on now but all of
his gym was cleared out so we got all
the XP from those trainers so here let's
try rival 6 again let's see how he goes
now we'll just save directly in front of
him so we have to keep in mind he's only
one in four to use the move slash so
after setting up all of our barriers
we're even faster than this Pokemon and
we can one-hot it with an ice beam Ice
Beam again on execute is a one hit k.
we're switching to seismic toss for the
Ninetails we get a nice two hitter there
cloer is out next we're going to stick
with the same strategy easily knocking
it out in two hits Kadabra goes sbeam
gets a critical hit on us so I'm I'm
going to try to recover here but it's
not enough he knocks us out still I
think without that critical hit we would
have been able to get through that time
so let's just try this one again so next
attempt we get poisoned but we get a
level up to level 75 I'm not going to
learn to move Mist we're just going to
once again Ice Beam on the execute it's
not a one hitter this time so we end up
having to use seismic toss we've been
Lee seated and poisoned in this one so
it's really not looking that good and a
critical hit Ember knocks us out next
attempt we are again poisoned but we get
a better range on that execute so we did
not get the leech seed and now I'm
simply going to take every opportunity I
can to heal up once again we twoot The
Cloister back to Kadabra I think we just
heal here poison is obviously annoying
but it's not the end of the world and
here we are going to twoot this Pokemon
if it doesn't get stuck and recover even
still we do knock it out out comes the
jolon it goes pin missile we just want a
non-critical hit pin missile please and
just like that we are in fact able to
get through rival number six but man
that was not super consistent and that's
kind of a preview of what the Champion's
going to be keep in mind the Champions
got the same team just his executes
going to be evolved and they're going to
have better moves at the end because in
Pokemon yellow they actually gave these
Pokemon move sets so we're going to have
to probably grind out more levels to
have any shot at the end and we're just
really going to be hoping not to take
critical hits in that final battle so as
we make our way to the Elite 4 for now
we're going to avoid all of the trainers
in Victory Road we'll come back and
fight them if we really need them but
odds are we're just going to be grinding
against the elite 4 members from this
point onwards they give better XP than
any of these trainers and we're probably
going to be just as consistent against
them as anything especially laurelai her
first Duong on the second turn is very
likely to use rest and that could give
us the chance to do some setup maybe get
a move that can knock it out in a couple
turns that will be basically our
strategy here now I am planning to use a
lot of TMS here we're going to have
thunder blizzard and psychic all in the
bag with the idea being basically that
we're going to carry seismic toss in one
of those moves into each battle based on
whichever one is the best against our
opponent so that means that we're going
to have to go do a little bit of
housekeeping we are going to make our
way to the power plant to get the items
there we have 12 12 rare candies in the
bag after we get the one from the power
plant so we could just theoretically
level up until we get a particular move
or use those rare candies to control our
badge boosts in this section and with
our bag completely set up including tons
of full restores cuz who knows how many
times we're going to have to black out
here we are ready to go in with a
massive set of TMS that we can use
blizzard we've got solar beam if we ever
want it fire blast Thunder body slam and
psychic all available in the bag let's
just see how this actually goes starting
off with laurelai so my laurelai
strategy is going to start off by
teaching the move Thunder and we're
going to learn this over ice beam
obviously Ice Beam has basically no
value in this fight because all of her
Pokemon are going to resist it whereas
Thunder is super effective against the
majority of her team let's see how this
goes
[Music]
so laurelai attempt number one I'm going
Buri her right out of the gate hoping
that she goes for rest turn two in fact
we should have damaged her let's try
this again so the more correct play is
to go for seismic toss turn one she
misses a taked down and now she rests
and that's going to allow us to start
setting up some badge boosts with
barrier as well as becoming more
survivable now Aurora beam did decent
damage there and a critical hit a beam
knocks us out the next turn so it's
pretty clear that we're not getting
through at this point but I do have a
better strategy in mind I'm going to
start slamming some of my rare candies
right now we had 12 in the bag and
really we just need one left over
between each battle but I'm going to get
to level 81 where we get the move
amnesia amnesia obviously is huge here
because we're going to be using special
attacks but Amnesia will also boost our
special defense effectively because gen
one it's all one stat so I'm actually
going to finally forget seismic toss in
lie of having the move Amnesia here with
this move I now think I have a strategy
for getting through this where basically
turn one we're going to try to damage
her dong so that she uses rest after
that I'm going to start trying to set up
amnesia she doesn't rest this time it's
not guaranteed that she'll use rest turn
two but she has a high probability of
doing that in this generation
particularly in Pokémon Yellow where her
AI was changed If This Were Pokémon red
and blue she never use Amnesia against
the mww but we've already seen that she
will use it here this time she does rest
so now I'm going to set up the Amnesia
first and I'm going to try to recover
unfortunately she gets a critical hit
against me otherwise I think we would
have had a chot there here I actually
decided to change up the strats starting
off with three Amnesia and then three
barriers and if we do that we actually
now outspeed the dong here of course
Thunder will be a one hit ko. we're
going to go for the same Thunder here on
the cloer now now slow bro doesn't
really have anything good that it can do
against us it's just going to go
withdraw or surf so this is where I'm
going to finally start recovering
because we have amnesia set up so
anything short of a critical hit should
not do that much damage to us we one-
shot that Pokemon Thunder on Jinx is a
one hit ko. and now Thunder on Lapras we
finally look like a Mewtwo here we one
shot that Pokemon with a thunder and we
have made it through laurelai so now
with lorai done Thunder is no longer
necessary on our move set we are going
to replace that move with psychic
psychic will be really good here against
both Bruno and against Agatha and with
our setup I think we're going to be able
to get this one to go so Bruno attempt
number one let's see if the worst
possible Pokemon with an amazing move
set can actually beat Bruno on the first
attempt
[Music]
so he leads off of course with his Onyx
I'm going to go barrier first in this
one because he's only going to use
physical attacks against us except of
course with the Hitmonchan but I'm not
too worried about that Pokémon once he
screeches we'll even set up another
barrier here in fact I kind of want him
to Screech against me so I'm just going
to sit here and heal up for a minute and
just let him Screech if he can but he's
not obliging us with the Screech so I'm
simply going to go psychic now in one
shot psychic on hitmon Chan also is a
one hit k. psychic on hitmon Lee I just
wanted to make sure I outsped that
Pokemon and we did so that's a one
hitter Onyx is a one hit ko. and Machamp
once again one hitter even with zero
base stats in every single category
Bruno still isn't a challenge and with
that done it is now time for Agatha
arguably the scariest of these elite
four members though I would argue in
this case probably Lance is going to be
harder but let's find
[Music]
out so Agatha attempt number one I'm
going Amnesia right out of the gate here
we obviously can't be affected by lick
and we don't really care about Mega
drain once we set up the amnesias after
we get all the Amnesia set up I'm going
to go for barrier next now we're getting
low on health because we keep hitting
ourselves in confusion and then she
Critical Hits to knock us out let's try
this again now against the gbat we
really do want to avoid toxic so I'm
just going to knock that Pokémon out
without doing all of my setup
fortunately Amnesia is more than enough
to allow us to One-Shot that Pokémon so
now Agatha sets up her substitute but
then she swaps to a Haunter which is
perfectly fine with me we've finished
our setup and now we can onot that
Pokémon we are going to one-hot the
Gengar we're still slower here but we
outspeed stach we can onot this one we
level up to level 82 in time for the
final Gengar so we lost all of our badge
boosts but we still have really high
defense and high special because of our
moves Amnesia and barrier and here's
psychic one shots allowing us to beat
Agatha on the second attempt so with
that we have managed to progress to
Lance now in theory we could add
blizzard here the issue is that
Blizzard's not really going to be that
good against the champion while it would
be good against exeggutor and against
the sand slash but it would be four
times resisted by the cloer and that
might be too much for us to overcome so
I'm going to actually try to beat Lance
first with my move psychic and if I can
manage to do it then I'm just going to
carry psychic into the final battle
given that it is a same type move we can
set up with amnesia and barrier and I
think we'll be able to get through
so with Lance we're really scared of the
hyper beams so I'm going straight for
barrier here he even lears against me
which is basically fine we're now going
to recover but hydropump knocks us out
let's try this one again and we can see
even from full health hydropump is going
to be a oneit K.O on us so we might
actually have to go for the Amnesia
first however with that that means that
then hyper beam can easily knock us out
so we really just need Lear and dragon
rage this Pokemon is going to attack
randomly so there's nothing forcing it
to do one move or the other so we're
just going to start off by setting up an
Amnesia and a barrier and then we'll
heal up and then see if we can progress
from there so after four badge boosts we
are in fact faster than this Gyarados so
I'm going to just finish my setup here
we now have three barriers and three
Amnesia set up and we can heal up very
quickly here and go into psychic which
just barely misses the oneit range on
this Pokémon however since we're faster
anything other than a crit should not
knock us out so we can heal up onto the
dragon air we one shot that Pokemon we
one shot the next dragon air out comes
Aerodactyl it's still faster than us but
a non- crit fly didn't do that much we
knock it out and against the final
Dragonite he hyper potions and we just
don't quite have the power we ran out of
pp in psychic and he gets a critical hit
hyperbeam to knock us out so I didn't go
all in on the pp UPS on Psychic so I'm
gonna slam one more PP up into that move
and then let's just make sure to recover
all of our PP coming in and now let's
try this one again if we can get the
same setup I think we have a chance but
the issue is that we simply are taking
way too much damage here so I'm going to
try to increase my level with rare
candies in order to get a little bit
more HP and maybe maybe that can help us
here so I'll leave one rare candy in the
bag that gets us up to level 87 we have
just slightly better stats it's probably
not enough to make a difference but
let's find out so once again we get the
setup we oneshot that first Gyarados we
now oneshot the dragon air we one-hot
the second dragon air Aerodactyl goes
Swift yet again a non-critical hit so
it's a one hit K.O and here at a
slightly higher level we still just
barely miss one-shotting the Dragonite
with our psychic but the second psychic
does take it down after H hyper potion
so we did in fact manage to beat Lance
at level 87 we've still got one rare
candy in the bag we could theoretically
gain that level right here but I'm going
to try to go into this at my current
level and just see if I can beat the
champion or not if we fail then we're
going to have to go back to the
beginning and just refight these
trainers over and over again to gain
levels I still think psychic will be
able to get through lorai eventually so
it's not the end of the world but let's
just see if we can get through the
champion at our current level
[Music]
so first attempt against the champion
this sand slash is one in four to use
slash anything else won't probably do
that much to us I mean of course
earthquake could do a lot but we're just
hoping that we get maybe Fury swipes or
poison sting as we start to set up our
barriers here still Fury swipes did a
lot of damage so we get knocked out just
like that so really I think we're hoping
for poison sting so we can start setting
a barrier first a slash with a critical
hit is enough to one hit Kos here in
this fight this time however we do
manage to survive long enough to set up
the barriers and one Amnesia and we are
now faster than the sand slash I'm still
going to try to recover some health and
then let's see what psychic does it's
going to be a two hit ko. on this
Pokemon with just one Amnesia setup and
then he slashes us down so we're going
to have to get at least two amnesias to
one-hot that Pokemon this time he
decides to go really hard on poison
sting so we are going to be able to
knock this Pokemon out out but we have
to recover HP before we go to Alakazam
if we're going to have any real shot
here now we can knock that one out I'm
going to set up the last Amnesia on
Alakazam and now go into my psychic and
psychic does about half to this Pokemon
we then knock it out on the next turn
exeggutor comes out and here we're
hoping not to get Lee seated but of
course that's exactly the move it uses
I'm going to heal up now of course it
can't put me to sleep and as long as it
doesn't critical hit it shouldn't do
that much with Stomp and barrage and we
are going to be able to knock this
Pokemon out in just a couple psychics
out next is the cloer psychic is a one
hit KO N Tails psychic once again oh
almost one shot it survived just barely
and then it gets us in the fire spin
with the poison and the leech seed on
that's not what we wanted to see and we
lose just like that we had a chance to
get through there it was so close next
attempt we managed to knock out the sand
slash again I've already set everything
up so I'm just going to heal very
quickly here on Alakazam and go into
psychic it got one Kinesis on us though
and that is stopping us from hitting our
moves plus it got a special drop we do
manage to hit the exeggutor here doing
slightly less than half so this is going
to be a three hit K.O and the issue here
is that we've simply burned too many
psychics due to bad accuracy so the fact
of the matter is that even with tons of
resets here we're not getting through
this fight we got a really lucky gen one
miss there in order to progress a little
bit in this one but he still knocks us
out so we're going to go back to the
beginning refighting through lur and the
rest of the league let's see how it goes
against lorai even with just psychic
we're still two shotting the slow bro
after our setup here Jinx out next is
again going to be a two hit ko. but no
problem whatsoever and then finally
against the lapas we get the one hit Kos
so even with just psychic here at level
87 and here we do in fact oneshot the
Dragonite on the first first attempt so
we do manage to get back to the champion
just one level higher but let's try this
and just see if it made any difference
here the level has made one minor
difference which is that after three
badge boosts we actually were in a speed
tie with this Pokemon but that still
doesn't really help us that much against
this sand slash and we're still getting
beaten pretty consistently here of
course if he does decide to go all in on
poison sting we could get through this
Pokémon but I think we're better off
just going back through the elite again
so we come back to the champion at level
91 where we can see that with all of our
badge boosts in place we have 69 attack
defense special and speed so this has to
be where we finally managed to beat him
so I'm going to go ahead and get into
this fight let's see if we can get the
setup so he leads off with poison sting
and then slash we actually survived the
slash after the poison sting so that
gives me a little bit of hope that slash
is not a guaranteed one hit KO on us
anymore still we to avoid slash if at
all possible because it is getting us
almost to a one hit k. so I'm going to
stay as close to full health as possible
hoping he doesn't like critical hit and
earthquake and now with all the setup
I'm going to knock this Pokemon out we
level up to level 92 so we lost all of
our badge boosts going into the Alakazam
and it got a special drop on us so we're
going to have to raise our special again
and that's going to make this a three
hit KO on this Pokémon still we do
manage to get through we're going to
recover here against exeggutor just just
kind of expecting that yes it will leech
seed us there's nothing we can do about
that instead it's going for barrage so
I'm going to finish my setup here
finally we do get the leech seed but
this is still looking like a reasonable
range to get through this Pokemon we
even dropped it special there it gets a
critical hit barrage on us though so I'm
going to heal up and now we can knock it
out the next turn Closter comes out that
Pokemon is a one hit K.O N Tails goes
tail whip that shouldn't matter we get
the one hitter there jolon gets a
critical hit pin that hits twice but we
survive with 10 HP and at level 92 we
have finally beaten the champion with
stats of 69 in everything other than our
HP which is
159 that is incredible so it turns out
that the best possible Pokemon in terms
of typing and definitely with an amazing
move set can actually beat the entire
game of Pokemon yellow with zero base in
every single stat zero base HP zero base
attack zerob based defense but it's
terrible our final score isus
34.75 like I said this overlay does not
even properly count all the wild Pokémon
that I fought and it took 6 and 1/2
hours to get this done we ended up
taking 451 optional battles which yet
again is probably massively understating
how many extra battles we took we ended
up using a bunch of TMS we had 150
resets to get through all that and we
can just see the final split between
between Giovani and the champion was
about a full hour so definitely not good
but we did manage to get through and now
normally I would say that it's time to
go and beat up on Mewtwo with this one
but but Mewtwo has been changed in the
game data to have base zero in every
single stat so I don't think that's
going to be a very interesting fight
against the level 70 Mewtwo so let's up
the challenge let's go fight Professor
Oak and see if we can beat him with this
Mewtwo so Professor Oak attempt number
number one he's going to lead off with
his Tauros oh and I didn't
heal let's make sure that we go to Mom
and tell her to heal us once here so now
with the heal in place a level 66 Tauros
from Professor Oak I'm going to lead off
with barrier since this one is a
physical attacker it's going tail whip
which is actually kind of nice cuz
that's going to just give us a ton of
badge boost and then it goes rage and
this is where I think we're going to get
a massive Advantage here yes the
critical hit from Rage did a lot of
damage but once we get all of our
barriers set up we can now just start
healing up here cuz this Pokemon can
never stop using that move and we're
going to go psychic and get the one hit
ko. exeggutor is out next this one's
going to take a little bit more work but
it doesn't know leech seed so we knock
it out in two turns Arcanine comes out
the legendary dog goes down in one hit
Venusaur never stood a chance Gyarados
take that psychic oh it survives on one
HP so we knocked that one out and we
have defeated Professor Oak so there you
have it the legend of meoo 2 at level 93
we managed to beat the entire game we
have 63 in every stat and after the
level up we have 70 after the badge
boost that was
ridiculous but it proves once and for
all that with a good move set any
Pokemon regardless of stats will
eventually beat the entire game now the
question becomes what if we don't have a
move set but we have incredible stats
well I've got that coming in another
video so stick around for that anyway
appreciate you guys for hanging out with
me hope you enjoyed see you in the next
one later
[Music]